Add names of LHCb software packages + TISTOS (#27)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/b.md

# B

## Bender

> 

Reviewer: For here and other places: please end with a dot.

Python-based physics analysis environment. [Project website](http://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/bender/)

## Bookkeeping

The LHCb data recording and data provenance tool. Every single file ever produced by LHCb centrally-managed [productions](p.md#Productions) is recorded by the LHCb Bookkeeping. Users can browse the contents of the Bookkeeping via the [LHCbDIRAC Web Portal](https://lhcb-portal-dirac.cern.ch/DIRAC/?view=tabs&theme=Grey&url_state=1|*LHCbDIRAC.BookkeepingBrowser.classes.BookkeepingBrowser).

## Boole

> The LHCb digitisation (simulation of detector response) application. [Project website](http://cern.ch/LHCb-release-area/DOC/boole/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LHCb digitisation (simulation of detector response) application. [Project website](lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/boole/).
```

## Brunel

> The LHCb reconstruction application. [Project website](http://cern.ch/LHCb-release-area/DOC/brunel/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LHCb reconstruction application. [Project website](lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/brunel/).
```
